{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf440
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana;
\f3\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue3;\red127\green127\blue127;
\red36\green36\blue36;\red83\green83\blue83;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14380\viewh16300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 LEXIA READABLE\
LEXIA READABLE BOLD
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs28 \cf0 Lexia Readable and Lexia Bold Readable are K-Type Freebies - 2004, 2007 (version 3.03)\
www.k-type.com    -    keith@k-type.com\
\
The two fonts are free for personal use (see below). Both fonts are free for use by non-profit groups, educational establishments and charities.\
\
The Lexia Readable family is designed for maximum legibility. K-Type has tried to capture the clarity and accessibility of Comic Sans without the American comic book associations and whimsical, childlike quality which are culturally inappropriate for many uses and may seem patronizing.\
\
Lexia is an attempt to retain the strength, friendliness and legibility of Comic Sans, and even a 
\f3\i slightly
\f2\i0  marker-drawn feel, whilst tidying up the comic book idiosyncrasies.  It adds a hint of dignity, a sprinkling of refinement, and introduces elements of designer type to appeal to a contemporary audience.\
\
Whilst Comic Sans has long been a preferred choice for infant typography from 'Baby on Board' stickers onward, its use risks undermining any serious message and appearing condescending to readers with greater visual maturity, issues that are particularly acute when applied to adolescent and adult literacy.\
\
Typographical concerns from recent educational publications and discussions, and some highlighted by the British Dyslexia Association have been incorporated into the design of Lexia - the simpler, handwritten forms of a and g, the non-symmetry of letters such as b and d, good sized descenders and ascenders, generous spacing and excellent screen clarity.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf3 "I am not utterly convinced that Lexia is superior to ComicSans (my personal favorite), which is also available to our users -- but I do have to note that as soon as I converted our site to the Lexia readable view, I immediately spotted a typographical error on the page that had previously eluded me.\
\
Lexia has been accepted for inclusion in the site customization feature of the Dyslexia.com web site."\
\
\
Abigail Marshall,  Davis Dyslexia Association International, \cf0   {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dyslexia.com"}}{\fldrslt http://www.dyslexia.com}}/
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 K-TYPE LICENSE AGREEMENT 
\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs18 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf2 FREEBIES (Unlicensed)\cf4 \

\fs24 \cf0 K-Type Freebies are free for personal use and do not require a license. Lexia Readable and Lexia Readable Bold are also TOTALLY free for use by schools, colleges, other educational establishments, non-profit groups and charities.\'ca
\fs28 \cf4 \

\fs24 \cf0 Freebies used for Commercial and Entrepreneurial purposes need to be licensed at the same rates as Pay Fonts.\'ca Freebie Commercial Licenses, Enterprise Licenses and Custom Fonts are available from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:keith@k-type.com"}}{\fldrslt keith@k-type.com}}
\fs28 \cf4 \

\fs18 \cf5 \

\fs28 \cf2 COMMERCIAL LICENSE (Normal License)\cf4 \

\fs24 \cf5 Purchasing a K-Type font grants you non-exclusive rights to use the font commercially on paper, on film, online and embedded in documents.
\fs28 \cf4 \

\fs24 \cf5 The software may be stored on up to five workstations and output devices.
\fs28 \cf4 \

\fs24 \cf5 You cannot legally give the font to others or install it on their machines (with the exception of co-workers and your service bureau).
\fs28 \cf4 \

\fs24 \cf5 To place any K-Type font within other media will require an additional Enterprise License.
\fs28 \cf4 \

\fs18 \cf5 \

\fs28 \cf2 ENTERPRISE LICENSE (Extended License)\cf4 \

\fs24 \cf5 For Entrepreneurial use on an unlimited number of workstations and output devices, and where a font file is incorporated into a software product, each K-Type font will require an Enterprise License.
\fs28 \cf4 \

\fs24 \cf5 An Enterprise License is indefinite, but not exclusive.
\fs28 \cf4 \

\fs18 \cf5 \

\fs28 \cf2 CUSTOM FONTS\cf4 \

\fs24 \cf5 Commissioning a K-Type Custom Font grants you ownership upon payment \'d0 sole rights to use the font autonomously, exclusively and indefinitely.
\fs28 \cf4 \

\fs18 \cf5 \

\f3\i\fs24 \cf2 Fonts are supplied "as is". Every effort is made to ensure that the files will behave properly, and whilst mistakes and omissions are corrected cheerfully and quickly, K-Type will not be liable for losses incurred by software failure.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\i0\b\fs32 \cf2 \
K-TYPE
\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs28 \cf0 K-Type fonts are inexpensive, quality typefaces supplied in Truetype (Windows and Mac varieties), OpenType, and Mac Postscript file formats. \
\
K-Type aims to provide a more personal service than most foundries, and are increasingly widening the scope of our fonts. In addition to the full set of standard Latin characters, a large selection of accented characters are included. Polish and Lithuanian accented characters are already included in many K-Type fonts. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Please email {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:keith@k-type.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 keith@k-type.com}} if you require additional characters. There is usually no charge to existing customers for adding accented characters. Other additions, such as company logos or signatures will be chargeable.\
\
Our recent 
\f3\i Ivan Zemtsov
\f2\i0  font features both Latin and Cyrillic alphabets, being based on the lettering of Russian mailartist Ivan Zemtsov. The Cyrillics also include Mari language characters that were specially requested.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 INSTALLING FONTS
\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs28 \cf0 Fonts are placed in your operating system's 
\f3\i Fonts
\f2\i0  folder and will be made available to all the applications or programs you use.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 WINDOWS\cf0 \

\fs24 Put the font files (.ttf, .otf) into C:\\Windows\\Fonts, or right-click on the font files > Install
\fs28 \
\cf2 MAC\cf0 \

\fs24 Put the font files (.otf, Mac Truetype, Mac Postscript) into /Library/Fonts}